[Music]
they say is be happening believing
cardinal and ordinal numbers there are
two types of numbers cardinal numbers
these are the regular numbers used to
count like 1 2 3 4 5 for example there
are 1 2 3 4 5 apples on the table
you have 6 days to make your essay
ordinal numbers this kind of numbers are
used to determine a certain order or
position in objects or people like 1st
2nd 3rd watch the following examples
coral is the first to graduate of his
generation we came fourth in the race we
can identify these numbers by the
abbreviation corresponding to the two
last letters of the written form of each
number for example the last two letters
of first rst these two letters must be
placed after the number one since is the
ordinal number that we are talking about
most of the numbers are written with the
th abbreviation except first second and
third case FA aprende libre creando
oportunidad a's para una vida mejor